Miss Song, you are here
This dress is beautiful
It's for me to pick the lady
When what?
Ah!
It's okay, blame me for being affectionate
Please take a seat, I'll have someone arrange the delivery.
president
There's nobody else here.
Don't pretend anymore
You are deliberately stimulating the southern scenery this afternoon, right?
Why do you suddenly say that?
I checked online today
Your Huo family and Nanfang family
Recently competing for a newly developed land
The Huo family is not so heavy
Your behavior this afternoon is too much.
Yeah, you got it.
But so what?
You're here today.
That's it.
If not, you will completely win the South Scenic Wrong
I came here today to tell you
You are so despicable
This is your personality.
More wronged than when you were fake in the afternoon
Nanfeng sword
You really make an interesting air